everybody is chapter six blog I'm steak
and behind me I have nampa mask is mojo
Brian Greene from Brian's backpacking
blog anyway we just got our hike started
a little bit later and we expect it but
that's okay we'll make it right now
we're at the Fontana Dam shelter oh you
can see this Fontana Dam shelter here we
came up off the trail up through that
way we actually parked at the Visitor
Center you just follow that on three
you'll get to the visitor center just
wanted to show you the shelter a little
bit it's pretty nice shelter I'm not
sure how many people this one will sleep
it'll sleep a lot as you can see then
it's opened up on both ends so you can
get a nice breeze through here it's real
nice and then there's the lake out there
I understand that people go down there
and swim I'm not sure they get down but
if I just want to kind of get everything
started bike it's changed already my
buddy Charlie he wasn't able to make it
he had some money issues that came up so
he wasn't able to make it joslin from
ultralight backpacking or bust she was
up here last night camping out and she
ended up burning her hand she wasn't
feeling real good this morning so she
decided that she wasn't gonna head
island trail with it this time and so
it's just us three we just got started
it's about 10 40 and we're going to go
about we're gonna go about 12.7 miles
today can't remember Brown something in
other shelters where we're staying at
and but anyway that's we're gonna stay
out tonight should be an easy day
hopefully expecting rain while we're
here it's it's pretty cloudy up there
not real sure we're going to get much
out of it it's kind of coming and going
so I'll just have to see how it is
anyway I just wanted to show you around
just a little bit
I mean look at this that's awesome okay
it doesn't work so it's not real awesome
my name I've got garbage cans here got a
big fire ring down there nice big place
and right up the hill they have a privy
but anyway I won't put this thing away
and we're going to go ahead and hike
down Phil and see if we can make some
miles and we'll talk to you later see
you okay guys here we are we are at a
cable gap shelter um we came in off the
trail up that ways and this is the
actual shelter here and there's the
Privy got a big camping area up here a
little fire ring and there's another
area down there be good for setting up
shelters pre nice little shelter it's a
small shelter just pretty nice then
filtering my water so I got that good to
go and there's a Joe what kind of feels
are using their sweet water all right
you need to use my Sawyer I don't think
he likes us all you're right now
but anyway our water sources over here
there's actually it's my stuck a bottle
over here we can get our water from you
can say that and there's the shelter
so we've came from fontana damn shelter
so we've come 6.6 miles so far and
that's where we came from we're going to
brown fort gap shelter so we got 6.1
miles starting that way but anyway I
just wanted to show you the shelter real
quick just kind of look inside
you know same thing dark all of a sudden
anyway just want to show you all that
I'm gonna go ahead and put this up and
get everything ready so if we get this
filter over here figure it out and then
we're going to make it to the next
shelter talk to you later Wow
you